Hey everyone. Now that you've finished setting up your workspace and installing python. Let's look at how to work with the project file.
So first what you can do is click the download project file in the  content, and it will automatically get downloaded. Right? now It's here, slide this away, go to your computer this PC, go to any drive that you have free, just create a new folder, see EV201. In this new folder what we can do is Just drag this and drop here Okay?.That's it.
Now, in the new folder you have your zip file that you've downloaded.Right click on this, I click extract here. You can either click extract here if you have WinRAR or you can click extract here in the 7.Zip dropdown Okay?. Click this or this, now click extract here, So you have extracted the data that is in the zip file, open this.
Now what's going to happen is this is the main Aurdino file, you can see the cursor it, click this, now it's going to cause an error. Let's see what the error is?. The file BMS underscore main dot iono needs to be inside a sketch folder named BMS underscore Main Okay?.So what is happening here? What is happening? The BMS underscore main is not inside a folder named BMS underscore main, it is inside a folder name BS BMS underscore Main, Slash Min. So what you need to do is go back, right click rename, let's remove this main part.
Right, let's close all the programs Okay?.Let's try again, rename done Okay?. Now BMS underscore main is the name of the folder open this click on this Arduino file Okay?. So this is the file that is going to be uploaded on to the Arduino. So this is how The basic code works and to make it simpler to read we have split the code into multiple sections.
So in the battery management system section first while that is this just outputs all the data to the Python program. We'll understand how the Python program works later. But this is basically the output part but let's look at the calculation part.
This is the battery voltage part, this is the control part, this is the current sensor to extract all the current data the output current from the Arduino of the battery management system and the temperatures from the ambient temperature that is the room temperature and temperature for cell number one cell number two right?. So this is what where all the calculations happen and this is where all the calculations for the battery voltages happen. This is all the functions that deal with controlling the charging discharging of the battery maintenance system.
So you can send and receive data through here.So we'll understand how this works much better in the next level, So this is basically just click, upload, just select first of all select your Arduino Nano select which bootloader it needs to be installed on. Select the port come six and just select upload once uploaded it will go on to the BMS. Let it upload first, it might take some time to upload depending on your PC now that it's completed uploading go to tools go to serial monitor.
Now, Right?, you need to switch on your BMS?, you will start getting all the data here okay?, so these are the iterations and this is all all the data. You don't have to be able to read this, this is unreadable I know but this data will go into the Python program. This is the Python program, it's called BMS  underscore analytics dot pi, so your Arduino is currently com six right now, that is because USB serial rate. These are all Bluetooths whatever other com ports or communication ports are available on your PC will be displayed here.
But go with the port that says USB serial ch340 type in com6 start the battery management system dialog box, that's that's basically it.You get to the dashboard and we'll learn how the dashboard Works later.Thank you.